README.md, before:

# QSDsan-workshop

**Click the badge to run examples in your web browser**
---
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/QSD-group/QSDsan-workshop/main)

Workshop materials for the QSDsan workshop on April 22, 2022 during the [27th Environmental Engineering and Science Symposium](https://publish.illinois.edu/2022-environmentalsymposium/).

**Materials include:**
- QSDsan Workshop.pptx (workshop presentation slides)
- Jupyte Notebook examples
    - Example_complete.ipynb (fully populated with additional notes)
    - Example_interactive.ipynb (interactive module that does not require any coding skills)
- Python modules to construct the systems and analyses, including
    - _cmps.py (components used in the systems)
    - _mcda.py (multi-criteria decision-analysis)
    - country_specific.py (country-specific analysis)
    - models.py (uncertainty and sensitivity analyses)
    - systems.py (systems)
- data folder with data used in the analysis (e.g., location-specific parameters)
- results folder with results generated from the analysis
- repository organizing and configuration files (``files`` folder, README.md, runtime.txt, etc.)

Commit message:

update README with Zoom info

README.md, after:

# QSDsan-workshop

**Click the badge to run examples in your web browser**
---
[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/QSD-group/QSDsan-workshop/main)

Workshop materials for the QSDsan workshop on April 22, 2022 during the [27th Environmental Engineering and Science Symposium](https://publish.illinois.edu/2022-environmentalsymposium/).

**Zoom information for the workshop:**
Topic: QSDsan workshop
Time: Apr 22, 2022 10:30 AM Central Time (US and Canada)

Join Zoom Meeting
https://illinois.zoom.us/j/84253143016?pwd=dzhRaFlyWXh0Y1k1S3VOSmdOdHBSQT09

Meeting ID: 842 5314 3016
Password: 890412

**Materials include:**
- QSDsan Workshop.pptx (workshop presentation slides)
- Jupyte Notebook examples
    - Example_complete.ipynb (fully populated with additional notes)
    - Example_interactive.ipynb (interactive module that does not require any coding skills)
- Python modules to construct the systems and analyses, including
    - _cmps.py (components used in the systems)
    - _mcda.py (multi-criteria decision-analysis)
    - country_specific.py (country-specific analysis)
    - models.py (uncertainty and sensitivity analyses)
    - systems.py (systems)
- data folder with data used in the analysis (e.g., location-specific parameters)
- results folder with results generated from the analysis
- repository organizing and configuration files (``files`` folder, README.md, runtime.txt, etc.)
